# pandas-challenge## Data Munging and Analysis of a fantasy game 'Heroes of Pymoli'.## Table of contents* [Introduction ](#introduction )* [Objectives ](#objectives)* [Observations](#observations)* [Technologies](#technologies)* [Code](#code)* [Status](#status)* [Acknowledgement ](#acknowledgement )* [Contact](#contact)## Introduction__Heroes of Pymoli__  : *A Fantasy game that is free-to-play, but players are encouraged to purchase optional items that enhance their playing experience.*### Objectives -  Break down the game's purchasing data into meaningful insights and generate a report containing:     *  __Purchasing Analysis__ : Unique Players/Items , Average Purchase price , Total Number of Purchases and Total Revenue.     *  __Gender Demographics__ : Percentage of Male/Female Players and their *Purchasing Analysis* by Gender.     *   __Age Demographics__ : *Purchasing Analysis* by Age bins .     *   __Top Spenders__ : Top 5 Spenders with their SN, Item ID and their *Purchasing Analysis*.     *  __Most Profitable Items__ : 5 most popular items by purchase count with their Item ID/name and *Purchasing Analysis*.     *  __Most Profitable Items__ : 5 most profitable items by total purchase value with their Item ID/name and*Purchasing Analysis*.## Observations- __Observation1 :__  	 *  Gender Demographics reveals that 84% of players are *Males* and only 14% are *Females*. - __Conclusion :__             - This game seems to be liked more by Male players than Females players.        	  - Further analysis on Items chosen by female players might uncover strategies to capture female players as well as increase Total revenue generated by them.                              - __Observation2 :__  	 *   Age Demographics reveals that *Top players* are around the age group 20-24 , followed by                   age group 15-19 and 25-29. - __Conclusion:__             - Since most players are males, further analysis on their age would provide insights on their               likes and dislikes of game items which can be used to categorize the premium items to                capture audiences.	 - __Observation3 :__ 	 *  While age group 35-39 are not in top players list, they have the *Highest Average Purchase                                      Price per Person*, bringing them to *'Top Spenders' *list.- __conclusion:__            - This provides clear insights on Item pricing . Can be used to strategically increase prices on most               purchased while providing discounts on least purchased items.- __Observation4 :__ 	 * *Most popular Items* favored by players are also the *Most Profitable Items* . - __conclusion:__             - Further analysis on what makes the Item most popular might uncover ways to improve game design and its purchase items which might help in making them more attractive to gamers.## Technologies* git Bash* Jupyter notebook### Python Modules and libraries* pandas ## Code - [HeroesOfPymoli Script](/HeroesOfPymoli/HeroesOfPymoli_starter.ipynb)-  __Nbviewer.jupyter Display :__	 *  [HeroesOfPymoli Script](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/divya-gh/pandas-challenge/blob/main/HeroesOfPymoli/HeroesOfPymoli_starter.ipynb).## StatusProject Complete## Acknowledgement - Group Study with Shondeen Hechter , Mary Scruggs and Chris Blankenship.## ContactCreated by [Divyashettyk@gmail.com](#divyashettyk@gmail.com)